{'Giuliani Tells Hannity That Comey Is “Perverted” and He Would Defend Ivanka Tr
ump From Mueller Like a Brave Knight' 'Giuliani Ivanka Trump I think I would 
get on my charger and go right into – run into their offices with a lance if the
y go after her. … If they do do Ivanka, which I doubt they will, the whole count
ry will turn on him. They are going after his daughternnHannity What about h
is son-in-law They talked about him.nnGiuliani Jared is a fine man, you know
 that. But men are, you know, disposable. A fine woman like Ivanka, come on.', 
Trump honors teacher of the year, doesn't mention she teaches immigrant students
 'The National Teacher of the Year, who teaches English and math to newly-arri
ved refugee and immigrant students at a high school in Washington state, hand-de
livered letters from her immigrant and refugee students to President Donald Trum
p before a White House event in her honor on Wednesday.nnI personally handed 
the letters to him and relayed to him that I hoped he would come out and meet my
 immigrant and refugee students to see how much they contribute to our nation an
d he told me that he would try to come out, teacher Mandy Manning of Spokane, W
ash., told ABC News.nnManning said the president accepted the letters and dire
cted his staff to put them on his desk where he could read them later. She said 
while some of the letters are very supportive of the president, others have very
 pointed messages.nnCarolyn KasterAPnnOne letter is from a student who com
es from an African nation, and she communicated that she hopes he would be very 
careful about the language of immigrants because his language has an impact on h
ow people treat her, Manning said. She has encountered situations where she ha
s been told to go back to Africa.nnManning said that she viewed the White Hou
se event and meeting with the president as an opportunity to possibly affect his
 view of the immigrant community.nnThe way that I look at is, it was an oppor
tunity to share my students' letters and hopefully to broaden his worldview, s
he said. My students are innately hopeful and this is a place of hope from them
 and for me going to the president, delivering their letters to him, that to me 
shows my students that there’s always hope that things will be different.nnIn
 remarks recognizing Manning’s achievement as the 2018 National Teacher of the Y
ear, the president noted that she teaches English and math, and that she develop
ed her passion for teaching while in the Peace Corps, but made no mention of the
 fact that she is a teacher for newly-arrived refugee and immigrant students.n
nCarolyn KasterAPnn“Mandy took her passion for the Peace Corps in Spokane, Wa
shington where she's been teaching English and math for the past six years,” Tr
ump said. “Her incredible devotion has earned her the adoration – total adoratio
n, actually – and respect of students and colleagues throughout her school distr
ict, community, and the entire state.”nnManning, who was standing on stage dur
ing the president’s remarks, said she noticed immediately that he had omitted 
mentioning that she teaches newly-arrived refugee and immigrant students.nnMan
ning also made remarks at the event, prior to the president, but reporters were 
allowed in the room only for the president’s remarks. Manning said she shared a 
message focused on hope and the success of her students in her remarks.nnMy m
ain message was to share the successes of my students and to show that my studen
ts are just like those here in the U.S., that they have dreams and want to be pr
oductive members of society, Manning said.nnManning said she wasn't aware th
at the White House wouldn't be broadcasting her remarks but said the White Hous
e made a tremendous effort to make the event special. The White House did not pr
ovide a direct explanation to ABC News about why Manning's remarks were not par
t of press coverage of the event but responded with a statement confirming that 
she spoke.nn“Prior to the President addressing the National Teacher of the Yea
r event, Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos, Secretary of Labor Alex Acosta, and
 Director of the Domestic Policy Council Andrew Bremberg, held a listening sessi
on on the future of education and empowering teachers with the teachers of the y
ear from each state and territory. Mandy Manning, the 2018 National Teacher of t
he Year, and the three finalists also addressed the audience,” Lindsay Walters, 
Deputy Press Secretary, said in a statement.', '9 tornadoes hit Midwest; severe 
weather threatens 40 million across US' 'At least 40 million people are under t
hreat of severe weather Thursday morning. Nine tornadoes were reported from Texa
s to Iowa Wednesday with some straight-line wind gusts exceeding 100 mph. More t
ornadoes, damaging wind and heavy rain could affect people across the central U.
S. and into the Northeast Thursday.nnCBS News' Tony Dokoupil reports from Ray
town, Missouri, where winds were powerful enough to take down a 200-year-old red
 oak tree and snap another tree into shards, sending the pieces barreling into S
ean Hagg's home.nnThe house shook, and the windows blew open….I didn't have
 the time to even know if the whole house was coming down. I heard the tornado s
irens go off so I wasn't sure if it was the tree or something bigger, Hagg sai
d.nnThe same scene played out near Elkhart, Indiana. In Oklahoma, sirens warne
d residents to take shelter as ominous clouds brought a piercing rain and damagi
ng tornadoes. At least nine were reported in Oklahoma, Kansas and Missouri, just
 one day after more than 18 tornadoes ripped through the Midwest, including a tw
ister in Tescott, Kansas.nnAcross the central U.S., heavy rain, lightning and 
strong winds tore through homes and knocked down power lines.nnIn Langdon, Kan
sas, a bolt of lightning set an oil tank on fire. As far north as Chicago, heavy
 winds damaged buildings – including ripping the roof off an apartment complex.
nnThe Kansas City metro area is under a flash flood warning through this aftern
oon after Wednesday's heavy rains. Strong tornadoes, damaging winds and very la
rge hail are expected throughout the plains Thursday.', This Is Not the Article
 Elon Musk Doesn't Want Me to Write 'Elon Musk. Photo illustration by Lisa Lar
son-Walker. Photos by Peter ParksAFPGetty Images and Scott OlsonGetty Images.
nnTesla’s Autopilot system doesn’t kill people. Journalists who write about T
esla’s Autopilot system kill people.nnThat, at any rate, seemed to be the cont
ention of Tesla CEO Elon Musk in an extraordinary corporate earnings call on Wed
nesday. The quarterly conference call with investors—a routine affair for most p
ublic companies—took a left turn when Musk cut short the Q&A, deeming their ques
tions about Tesla’s finances “boring” and “bonehead” and taking questions instea
d from a 25-year-old YouTuber who had tweeted at him on Monday. As Tesla’s stock
 plunged in after-hours trading, Musk detoured into a Trumpian rant—yes, another
 one—against the dishonest media.nnThe visionary entrepreneur–turned–press cri
tic blasted journalists for publishing stories about accidents involving Tesla’s
 autonomous driving software, calling such coverage “outrageous” and “fundamenta
lly misleading.” In fact, Musk suggested, journalists who report on Autopilot cr
ashes are themselves endangering the lives of Tesla drivers by discouraging them
 from using the software.nn“There are 1.2 million automotive deaths per year,”
 Musk said. “How many do you read about Basically none of them.” (Note My own 
Google News search for “fatal car crash” turned up 2,790,000 results.) “But if i
t’s an autonomous situation, it’s headline news,” he continued. “And the media f
ails to mention that actually they shouldn’t really be writing the story. They s
hould be writing about how autonomous cars are safe. But that’s not the story re
aders want to click on.nn“It’s really incredibly irresponsible of any journali
sts with integrity to write an article that would lead people to believe that au
tonomy is less safe,” Musk went on. Because when Autopilot users read those stor
ies, “People might actually turn it off and die.”nnLest my journalism cause pe
ople to turn off Autopilot and die, I’ve decided I’ll try to follow Musk’s advic
e in this story. You will not read anything here about a Tesla that may or may n
ot have crashed horrifically while on Autopilot in Mountain View, California, on
 March 23, hypothetically killing its driver. I also won’t mention that Tesla go
t kicked off the hypothetical investigation of that noncrash by the National Tra
nsportation Safety Board, then claimed that it had withdrawn voluntarily. And I 
see no need to rehash the fatal nonincident in which a Tesla putatively did not 
slam broadside into a semitrailer in Florida in May 2016. After all, cars that a
re not Teslas and are not on Autopilot crash every day.nnJust to be safe, I wo
n’t even mention the self-driving Uber that some dishonest media outlets claimed
 ran over a pedestrian in Arizona in March. I guess it’s possible Musk would be 
OK with the media reporting on that one, since it didn’t involve his company, bu
t I don’t want to take any chances here. Blood could be on my hands.nnInstead 
I’ll direct you to Musk’s claim that autonomy reduces the probability of a death
 by 50 percent, even though that claim is impossible to substantiate. I’ll tell 
you about a 2017 National Highway Traffic Safety Administration report that appe
ared to say Tesla’s Autosteer feature had made its cars 40 percent safer—a repor
t Tesla has cited ever since as proof that Autopilot saves lives. But I guess I 
shouldn’t mention that the NHTSA clarified Wednesday that it had never actually 
assessed Autosteer’s effectiveness. That oft-cited 40 percent figure simply came
 from a “cursory comparison” of Tesla crash rates before and after Autopilot was
 implemented, the agency said. Whoops.nnI’ll refer you to a story I wrote in 2
016 about a man who suffered a pulmonary embolism behind the wheel and drove to 
the hospital with a big assist from his Tesla. That’s cool, right As I recall, 
however, Musk and Tesla’s PR team weren’t happy with even that story, because it
 went on to discuss in some nuance the broader issues around Autopilot’s safety.
 Musk and the company were insisting even back then that it would be irresponsib
le of them not to enable Autopilot in all of their vehicles, given that their in
ternal testing showed it was saving lives.nnOne problem I probably shouldn’t g
et into Tesla has never shared with the public the data that would be needed to
 evaluate its safety claims. Musk said on Wednesday’s call that the company will
 start publishing quarterly Autopilot safety statistics in the future, which cer
tainly seems like something it ought to be doing if it wants journalists to be w
riting all these stories about exactly how safe Autopilot is. So far, Tesla has 
just been asking us all to take its word for it (and, until Wednesday at least, 
referring us to that 2017 NHTSA report.)nnIt’s quite possible Autopilot really
 is saving lives. But we can’t know that without much more detailed data on how 
and when it’s used, who’s using it, under what driving conditions, and how its s
afety stacks up when you control for all those factors. As my colleague Henry Gr
abar and others have pointed out, comparing crash figures for self-driving cars 
to those of the general public means comparing the software’s safety to that of 
16-year-old boys and drunk drivers, along with the rest. That feels like too low
 a bar, especially if people are only or mostly using features like Autopilot in
 fair conditions on well-marked freeways in the daytime while maintaining their 
lane.nnAnyway, the company’s actual earnings report was just fine, at least by
 Tesla’s recent standards. Tesla is still far behind its own targets for product
ion of the Model 3, the “mass-market” electric sedan that will make or break Tes
la’s future. But its sales slightly exceeded expectations, it has enough cash to
 keep going, and it’s optimistic that dramatic production increases are just aro
und the corner.nnStill, Musk quickly soured on questions from investors nervou
s about the company’s financial situation and the instability of its stock. He s
eemed to particularly object to questions about why Tesla is losing money on eac
h Model 3 it makes (a “short-term” issue, Musk insisted); whether it’s running o
ut of money and needs to raise more (he says it isn’t and doesn’t); and how long
 it will be before Tesla reaches the 5,000-per-week production target on the Mod
el 3 that Musk had said last year it would reach by the end of 2017. (Soon! Very
 soon! Probably as soon as everyone stops asking him about it, OK Jeez.)nnTha
t’s when Musk grew exasperated and turned over the questioning to Gali Russell, 
an NYU grad student and Tesla retail investor. From the transcriptnnAntonio M
. Sacconaghi, Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC And so where specifically will you
 be in terms of capital requirements Elon Reeve Musk, Tesla Inc. Excuse me. Ne
xt. Mourning bonnet questions are not cool. Next Operator Thank you. Our next 
question comes from Joseph Spak with RBC Capital Markets. Joseph Spak, RBC Capit
al Markets LLC Thank you. The first question is related to the Model 3 reservat
ions, and I was just wondering if you gave us a gauge as maybe some of the impac
t that the news has had. Like, of the reservations that actually opened and made
 available to configure, can you let us know, like, what percentage have actuall
y taken the step to configure Elon Reeve Musk, Tesla Inc. We’re going to go to
 YouTube. Sorry. These questions are so dry. They’re killing me.nnMusk proceed
ed to entertain no fewer than a dozen questions from Russell about a wide range 
of topics, including the safety of Tesla’s Autopilot system, before giving inves
tors a few last questions and closing the call.nnIn conclusion, Autopilot is v
ery safe and if you are ever tempted to think otherwise, please go read about so
me other automobile accidents instead.nnThere you go, Elon. How’s my integrity
 nownnNot technically true.', 'WSJ City Tesla Burns Through Cash, US Weighs
 Curbs on China Telecom Firms' 'Good morning from the WSJ City desks in London.
 WSJ City is the app that delivers concise, smart news on business and finance f
or mobile. Download for iPhone or Android. Here’s essential reading on today’s d
evelopments. MUST READS FROM WSJ CITY Tesla burned through cash at a greater rat
e than analysts expected during the first quarter, intensifying pressure on […]'
, '8@eight Stocks to open flat after Fed sparks late Wall Street selloff' The
 Australian sharemarket is set to open flat, with S&PASX 200 futures giving up 
most of their gains as the US sharemarket turned negative in the final hour of t
rading. Wall Street assessed the Federal Reserve's signal that it's in no rush t
o raise rates even as inflation rises to its target, sparking inflation concerns
. The US central bank left interest rates unchanged, but kept the door open for 
a rate rise in June.nn1. Wall Street US stocks fell to their lowest in a week
 and the greenback jumped as investors assessed the Federal Reserve's signal tha
t it's in no rush to raise rates even as inflation rises to its target. Equities
 tumbled in the final hour of trading as concern mounted that the Fed may let in
flation run hot as it gradually raises borrowing costs. Potential US restriction
s on Chinese telecom companies also reinforced investor concerns about worsening
 trade relations between the United States and China. Apple was the standout per
former, climbing after a solid quarterly report, a forecast for strong iPhone sa
les and its announcement that it intends to buy back $US100 billion ($125 billio
n) worth of shares in response to the tax holiday for repatriated profits approv
ed by Congress. This led to the strongest jump in Apple's share price since Febr
uary last year. On the flipside, Snap shares plunged 21.9 per cent after the Sna
pchat owner fell short of Wall Street forecasts for revenue and regular users. W
ith the tech earnings passed behind us and the Fed decision not altering US mone
tary policy materially, investors who are following the docket will now shift th
eir attention back towards trade wars as the March US trade figures are due out 
on Thursday.nn2. Federal Reserve decision US monetary policy makers cool on g
rowth, warm on inflation, anh don't materially change course The Federal Reserv
e held its benchmark rate range unchanged between 1.50 and 1.75 per cent at the 
conclusion of its two-day meeting on Wednesday. That surprised no one, having be
en projected by Fed Funds futures and swaps. Instead, the focus was on the detai
ls. Breaking down the accompanying statement, the central bank dropped a sentenc
e from the previous briefing that the 'economy outlook has strengthened in recen
t months' but adapted its inflation assessment to suggest price pressures were o
n pace. Generally speaking, there is little to dispute the projected forecast fo
r three total rate hikes in 2018 – nor settled debate over whether there will be
 a fourth. What matters most for US monetary policy is actually which policies t
he European Central Bank, the Bank of England and the Bank of Japan adopt. The v
alue comes from recognising materially more dovish views of the US central banks
' major counterparts.nn3. Aussie Dollar The Australian dollar has followed Wa
ll Street lower after the US Federal Reserve indicated that it is on track to ra
ise its interest rate at its next policy meeting in June. At 635 am AEST on Thu
rsday, the local currency was worth 74.86 US cents, down from 75.11 US cents on 
Wednesday. Currency traders are now looking to upcoming economic data such as Ma
rch trade figures and service sector PMIs for April., 'Kroger ground beef is re
called after a customer finds hard plastic in their meat' 'Kroger ground beef i
s part of a massive recall. FlickrUSDAgovnnA meat producer has recalled more 
than 35,000 pounds of ground beef after a customer found pieces of blue plastic 
in one of its products.nnThe recall by North Carolina-based JBS USA affects se
veral Kroger-branded ground beef products, as well as Kroger's private-label br
and, Private Selection, and All Natural Laura's Lean Beef, the US Department 
of Agriculture's Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) said Thursday.nnTh
e items were produced on March 22 and shipped to distribution centers in Indiana
 and Virginia.nnFSIS said consumers' should throw away the affected products.
nnThis is among the products included in the recall. FSISnnFSIS is concerne
d that some product may be frozen and in consumers' freezers, the agency said.
 Consumers who have purchased these products are urged not to consume them. The
se products should be thrown away or returned to the place of purchase.nnFSIS
 said there have been no confirmed reports of adverse reactions due to the consu
mption of the products.nnHere's a list of the types of ground beef impacted b
y the recall.', 'Kroger ground beef among 17.7 tons recalled for potential plast
ics contamination' 'CLOSE Even though your home made burger is tasty, you might
 want to reconsider it before turning on the grill. Veuer's Natasha Abellard (@
NatashaAbellard) Buzz60nnA North Carolina company has recalled more than 35,00
0 pounds of ground beef, sold in Kroger stores, for possible contamination with 
plastic bits. (Photo Jim Cole, AP)nnA North Carolina food processor has recal
led more than 17.7 tons of ground beef, some sold in Kroger stores, for possible
 contamination with plastic bits, according to the U.S. Department of Agricultur
e.nnJBS USA, Inc., is recalling 35,464 pounds of raw ground beef processed at 
its Lenoir, N.C., facility for possible contamination with hard plastic pieces, 
the USDA's Food Safety and Inspection Service announced late Wednesday. The rec
all comes after a consumer found blue, hard plastic pieces in one of the product
s, the USDA says.nnThe department says there have been no confirmed reports of
 adverse reactions due to the consumption of the products, which were produced M
arch 22, 2018.nnThe ground beef, sold in a variety of packages, were shipped t
o distribution centers in Virginia and Indiana and sent to retailers including K
roger stores. The products carry a sell-by date of April 9, 2018 and a USDA mark
 with the number EST. 34176.nnMore 5 questions for Warren Buffett at Berkshir
e Hathaway's annual shareholder meetingnnMore Starbucks and two black men ar
rested in Philadelphia incident reach private settlementnnMore Recruiting hur
dles Tips for HR to address biggest challenges in talent acquisitionnnAmong t
he products recalled are 1-pound and 3-pound trays of Kroger Ground Beef 80% Le
an-20% Fat, as well as 3-pound trays of Kroger Ground Beef 73% Lean-27% Fat.
nnOther 1-pound packages may be labeled Kroger Ground Beef 85% Lean-15% Fat a
nd Kroger Ground Sirloin 90% Lean-10% Fat Ground Beef, and Kroger Ground Beef 
93% Lean – 7% Fat.”nnOther 1-pound packages are labeled All Natural Laura’s L
ean Beef with 92% Lean-8% Fat Ground Beef and All Natural Laura’s Lean Beef with 96% Lean-4% Fat Ground Beef, Private Selecti
on Angus Beef 80% Lean — 20% Fat Ground Chuck, and Private Selection Angus Beef
 90% Lean — 10% Fat Ground Sirloin.nnAlso recalled 15-pound cases labeled J
BS Ground Beef Angus Chuck 80% Lean 20% Fat” and “Ground Beef Angus Sirloin 90% 
Lean 10% Fat.nnSome consumers have the product in their freezer, the USDA say
s. Those who bought the products should throw them away or return them to the pl
ace of purchase.nnTo see the various labels, head to the USDA website.nnnn
Follow USA TODAY reporter Mike Snider on Twitter @MikeSnider.nnCLOSE After a 
decade-long decline, low prices, strong disposable incomes and a guarded thumbs 
up for the healthiness of red meat have combined to give beef a resurgence. USA 
TODAYnnRead or Share this story httpsusat.ly2I7r12N', 'A Kroger supplier 
recalls ground beef because it might be contaminated with bits of plastic' '(CN
N) A North Carolina food processing company that supplies meat to Kroger is reca
lling more than 35,000 pounds of ground beef because it might be contaminated wi
th bits of hard plastic.nnJBS USA decided to recall the items after a consumer
 complained that hard, blue pieces of plastic were found in one of the products,
 the US Department of Agriculture's Food Safety and Inspection Service said in 
a statement.nnThe beef, produced on March 22, was shipped to distribution cent
ers in Indiana and Virginia for sale in stores in those states.nnThe meat is p
ackaged under the labels Kroger Ground Beef, Private Selection Angus Beef, Kroge
r Ground Sirloin and All Natural Laura's Lean Beef and stamped with EST. 34176
 inside the USDA mark of inspection.nnThere have been no confirmed reports o
f adverse reactions due to the consumption of these products, the USDA said. A
nyone concerned about an injury or illness should contact a healthcare provider.
nnRead More', 'Thor Should Replace Star-Lord in Guardians of the Galaxy' 'Wa
rning SPOILERS Below for Avengers Infinity War!nn–nnAfter meeting the Guar
dians of the Galaxy in Avengers Infinity War, Thor should have a new calling r
eplacing Star-Lord as their leader. While many characters encountered each other
 for the first time in Avengers 3, the most worthy Marvel team-up was the God of
 Thunder encountering the ragtag band of intergalactic screw-ups he had no idea 
even existed. This combo was the jolt of lightning both Avengers Infinity War a
nd the Marvel Cinematic Universe as a whole needed.nnThe heroes played by two 
of the MCU’s three actors named Chris – Hemsworth and Pratt – came face-to-face 
for the first time, and they did not get along. However, this was mainly Peter Q
uill’s fault as his fragile ego felt threatened by the sudden appearance of a ha
ndsome Asgardian god in need of aid. They went their separate ways for the rest 
of the film, with Thor taking Rocket and Groot to meet Eitri in Nidavellir in or
der to acquire a new weapon that can kill Thanos, the Stormbreaker axe. Meanwhil
e, Star-Lord led his group to find Thanos on Knowhere. But the seed was planted,
 and Thor hanging with the Guardians is an irresistible idea that needs to conti
nue.nnThough the combined heroes ultimately failed to stop Thanos from wiping 
out half the universe with the Infinity Gauntlet, it’s telling which assortment 
of Guardians heroically distinguished themselves in the fight and who completely
 failed the universe. The trio of Thor, Rocket, and Groot performed some miracul
ous feats before they turned the tide for the Avengers in the fight against the 
Black Order in Wakanda. Meanwhile, on Titan, Quill lost his cool and ruined what
 he claimed was his own plan, costing Tony Stark’s squad the chance to take the 
Gauntlet from Thanos.nnWhatever the future holds for the space gang after Aven
gers 4 – Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 is due in 2020 – Infinity War showed fan
s that the Guardians would be better off with the God of Thunder calling the sho
ts instead of Star-Lord.nnThe Guardians Are Going Nowhere With Star-LordnnAv
engers Infinity War picks up four years since the end of Guardians of the Galax
y Vol. 2 (as evidenced by Groot growing into a surly teen), but it seemed like S
tar-Lord hasn’t matured at all. Under his leadership, the Guardians are still bo
uncing around space scraping for work that can earn them some credits. Of course
, this was a deliberate choice by the filmmakers; the Guardians can’t change too
 much so that the characters are recognizable in the way fans knows them best. B
ut some newfound maturity from Star-Lord would have been welcome; instead, we sa
w the complete opposite. Outside of becoming romantic with Gamora, Peter comes o
ff like he hasn’t grown one bit as a person or as a leader. Rocket and Gamora re
mained as exasperated with him as ever.nnTo be fair, Peter Quill is a great ch
aracter. In Guardians, he can be roguish and infuriating, but he’s also cool and
 funny. Ultimately, Star-Lord proves to be heroic and loveable despite his chara
cter defects. In Infinity War, however, Star-Lord was at his absolute worst. Of 
all of the characters in the film, none behaved more poorly than Quill. His emot
ional outburst sabotaged the Avengers and Guardians when they had Thanos subdued
 and had almost taken the Gauntlet. Of course, Peter losing it in that moment wa
s human and understandable – he was emotionally distraught that Thanos had kille
d Gamora to gain the Soul Stone. Most people would react with similar anger towa
rds the murderer of the woman they love.nnHowever, Quill’s behavior even befor
e that mistake hardly made him endearing. From being petty and jealous just beca
use Gamora massaged the arm of a “not-that-good-looking” god to acting like an a
rrogant jerk while Tony Stark was trying to come up with a game plan against Tha
nos, Star-Lord was in rare form throughout the entire movie. The high stakes of 
the dire crisis Thanos caused was a call for every hero to be at their best; the
 fate of the universe in jeopardy. Every other hero rose to the occasion while Q
uill careened farthest in the opposite direction. Of course, one of the roles th
e Guardians played in Avengers Infinity War was to provide comic relief, and St
ar-Lord’s behavior was intended to get laughs, but in doing so, he became the bi
ggest detriment to the heroes and their attempts to save the universe (although 
it’s likely to be an essential part of Doctor Strange’s endgame).nnNow, the Gu
ardians are a found family and Peter is, by default, the head of that unit. Howe
ver, his claim to leadership often amounts to the fact that he owns the ship the
y live on, in this case, a new vessel called the Benatar. But after four years u
nder Quill’s guidance, the Guardians seem to have grown stagnant. If and when th
e Guardians return to life in Avengers 4, maybe they simply require new leadersh
ip. As fate would have it, the solution slammed right into their windshield.nn
Page 2 Infinity War Prepped Thor For A Guardians RolennThePremium Network Ad 
Free BrowsingnnAd Free Browsing Over 10,000 Videos!nnOver 10,000 Videos! All
 in 1 AccessnnAll in 1 Access Join For Free! GO PREMIUM WITH SCREENRANT Go Pre
mium!', 'The Best Marvel Villains in the MCU, Ranked' Superhero movies run Hol
lywood these days, and Marvel Studios is still, damn near ten years later, produ
cing the best the genre has to offer. In this Phase 4 world though, the market i
s borderline over-saturated with Marvel films—both MCU and other. Marvel's chall
enge now lies in making movies that feel fresh and original instead of identical
, while furthering their agenda to create one sprawling, continuing connected un
iverse. And while there are many various aspects that go into making a great or 
at least memorable superhero movie, we can all agree that creating an A1 villain
 is a top three concern.nnThe right foe can tie a movie together or, at the ve
ry least, save it from being otherwise mediocre. Truth be told, this has been an
 on-going chink in the MCU's otherwise impregnable Vibranium armor. With Marvel'
s culture-shifting crossover event Avengers Infinity War finally in theaters, w
e thought we'd look back on the MCU's ever-expanding films and TV series—includi
ng broadcast fare like Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. and Runaways plus the Netflix Defe
nders solo shows—and rank the top 15 bad guys thus far. Consider this the best o
f the worst., Kurt Warner apparently comes in second for MNF (and possibly isn
't happy about it) 'Getty ImagesnnBefore ESPN leaked to ESPN last week that 
Cowboys tight end Jason Witten plans to retire and join the Monday Night Footbal
l booth, Kurt Warner had been viewed as the clubhouse favorite to get the gig. T
he cat was so far out of the bag that Warner made a joke about looking first at 
the MNF schedule at the outset of NFL Network’s schedule release show last month
.nnOn Thursday morning, ESPN leaked to ESPN that Witten was indeed joining ESP
N. And that news invites speculation as to the impetus of the following tweet fr
om Warner, posted late Wednesday afternoon “I remember the days growing up beli
eving the BEST person for the job — not race, not gender, not age, not pedigree 
— led to gaining position… trying to figure out if it ever TRULY applied (thinki
ng I was just a naive kid) but, if so, how did we get so backwards!”nnIf Warn
er was the fallback choice to Witten and if ESPN was ready to leak to ESPN as of
 Thursday morning that Witten would be joining ESPN, it’s possible if not probab
le if not most likely that Witten made his decision and communicated it to ESPN 
on Wednesday at the latest, and that Warner would have gotten word that he has w
on silver in a gold-medal-only contest at some point on Wednesday as well. So if
 Warner knew ESPN was going with Witten before Warner posted his tweet (and it w
ould be a surprise if Warner didn’t), it’s fair to think there was a connection 
between his sentiment and his situation.nnIf that’s the case, it’s definitely 
a break from Warner’s vanilla-ice-cream-in-a-Styrofoam-cup image. If he’d eventu
ally bring some of that candor to a TV broadcast booth, that would actually make
 Warner — who has far more TV experience than Witten and far more experience cal
ling games as a radio analyst for Westwood One — the better choice.nnWarner ma
y be miffed that the tiebreaker wasn’t skill or experience but the fact that Wit
ten played for the Dallas Cowboys. Never mind that Witten never played in a conf
erence championship game or a Super Bowl. The Cowboys are still America’s Team, 
and they now have three former players who are perched in some of the most promi
nent spots in broadcasting, with Troy Aikman as the lead analyst at FOX (for Sun
day and Thursday), Tony Romo as the lead analyst at CBS, and Witten as the lead 
analyst for Monday Night Football.nnBut we’re willing to handle this as a meri
tocracy. Answer the poll question below regarding whether it should be Witten or
 Warner on Monday Night Football.', 'Steelers make classy gesture to Ryan Shazie
r by converting salary to $8.26 million bonus' 'Ryan Shazier provided one of th
e most memorable moments when he walked on stage at the NFL draft and announced 
the Pittsburgh Steelers’ first-round draft pick.nnThe injured linebacker has e
ven more reason to smile this week. The Steelers decided to give Shazier, who su
ffered a serious neck injury making a tackle last season against the Cincinnati 
Bengals, a significant financial advance.nnShazier getting more than $8 millio
n up frontnnThe Steelers converted Shazier’s base salary to a signing bonus ac
cording to ESPN’s Field Yates, means he gets the money right now. There is no sa
lary-cap benefit to the Steelers, and the salary was guaranteed already. It’s ju
st a slight, kind gesture from the Steelers to their player who suffered a horre
ndous injury.nn[Yahoo Fantasy Football leagues are open Sign up now for free]
nnThe converted bonus is worth $8.26 million according to Yates. It’s a move t
hat makes the Steelers look good too, furthering their reputation as a top organ
ization in the NFL.nnPittsburgh Steelers’ Ryan Shazier, right, walks with his 
fiancee Michelle to announce the Steelers selection at the NFL draft. (AP)nnSh
azier won’t play this seasonnnThe Steelers said at the combine that Shazier wi
ll not play in 2018. The Steelers made a procedural move earlier this week, putt
ing Shazier on the reservephysically unable to perform list.nnPittsburgh’s de
fense wasn’t the same last season without Shazier, who was in the middle of an e
xcellent season, and the Steelers didn’t draft a linebacker as expected. The pic
k Shazier announced, safety Terrell Edmunds, will help fill the void left by Sha
zier however.nnShazier continues to make progressnnSeeing Shazier walk on th
e stage, even if it was slow and measured, was a great sight. When Shazier was o
n the turf at Cincinnati, unable to move his lower extremities, there was a lot 
of fear about his future.nnWhile Shazier’s playing future is obviously in doub
t, he has maintained that he still wants to play. Clearly he has a long way to g
o but the progress he has made is a good sign.nnStory Continuesnn– – – – – –
 –nnFrank Schwab is a writer for Yahoo Sports. Have a tip Email him at shutdo
wn.corner@yahoo.com or follow him on Twitter!nn', 'Lyft Will Offer Autonomous 
Rides in 3 Years if Urban Planning Improves' 'Lyft has often portrayed itself a
s the do-gooder alternative to Uber. The ride-sharing company donated $1 million
 to the ACLU after the Trump travel ban, and it now offers free rides to low-inc
ome people. As of last month, all Lyft rides are also carbon neutral.nnThese c
hanges have helped Lyft capture 35 percent of the ride hailing market—the compan
y offers 50 million rides a month in the U.S.nnSo now that Lyft is catching up
 to Uber economically and outdoing it morally, the next step is improving its te
chnology.nnAt the Collision conference in New Orleans yesterday, Lyft co-found
er and president John Zimmer reiterated his 2016 prediction that the majority of
 Lyft rides will be autonomous by 2021 provided a regulatory framework is in pla
ce.nnBut Zimmer also made another forecast about ride sharing’s future by 202
5, it won’t make economic sense to own a car in a dense urban environment.nnMo
derator Dylan Byers of CNN pushed back on this prediction.nn“I follow everythi
ng Elon Musk does, so I’m very familiar with missed deadlines,” he said.nnZimm
er stood firm, however. He said the conventional fantasy of driving a car with t
he windows open and the wind in your hair was no longer realistic.nn“The car i
n America has always symbolized freedom, but now it’s an annual expense and ball
 and chain,” Zimmer said.nnOf course, if fewer people owned cars that would me
an more people would use services like Lyft—but Zimmer said his belief was roote
d in urban planning rather than business. He hopes to reshape land use in major 
cities.nn“Any entrepreneur building a product or service thinks about who they
’re serving,” Zimmer said. “The city should be serving all of us, but instead it
’s serving a parked car. That’s a travesty.”nnIndeed, a 2016 study found that 
cars are parked 95 percent of the day and only used for five percent.nnOne sol
ution is to ban motor vehicles in certain areas with high foot traffic. For exam
ple, certain areas of Times Square were closed off to cars in 2009, which made i
t easier for the flood of tourists to walk through the area.nnBut given that L
yft is a transportation company, it still needs to get people around somehow. Th
at’s why Zimmer is so bullish on driverless cars, despite the March accident in 
which a pedestrian was killed by one of Uber’s autonomous vehicles.nn“We shoul
dn’t bring technology to market before it’s ready, but over 100 people die every
 day in car accidents, and we still drive them,” Zimmer (who still owns a car gi
ven that he has a two-year-old daughter) said.nnAs such, Lyft is confident tha
t its autonomous innovations are enough to pull it ahead in the ride-sharing gam
e.nn“We don’t need to deliver food to capture peoples’ attention,” Zimmer said
.'}